This code ran smoothly and, for the most part, generated tables as reported in the paper. The issues encountered were three-fold:
(1) The files, as loaded from Harvard Dataverse, were tab-separated, and the code referenced .csv files. I am not sure if is an issue with my method of downloading the data or if it is impossible to upload spreadsheets in a non-tab-separated format (as this appears to be the format used by all the papers I looked at). I wrote a separate brief chunk of code (tab_to_csv_mm.R) to convert the files. 
(2) All R files began with an absolute setting of the directory: setwd("~/Desktop/dynamic_backsliding/replication"), rather than using the here package or a similar relative file path. Due to machine-specific technical issues, I downloaded all the replication files one by one, so it is possible that the full .zip file would have worked with this path in a way that it did not in my situation. Regardless, this required me to set the working directory manually and I commented out all instances of setwd(). Once this was done, however, everything ran smoothly. 
(3) A number of the figures were not produced by the code correctly. E.g., 1(A), all of 2. However, the graphs based on which these figures were created, included as supplementary material, e.g., S3 and S4 for Figure 1 were generated correctly. I was able to reproduce Figure 3 accurately, which I am using for this assignment. Nevertheless, I plan to go through the code again prior to completing Part 2 (Diagnostic) to identify the issue.

Note: I initially attempted to complete this assignment using the following paper: Winzen, Thomas, 2023, "Replication Data for: Winzen, Thomas. “How Backsliding Governments Keep the European Union Hospitable for Autocracy: Evidence from Intergovernmental Negotiations.” The Review of International Organizations.", https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/L5W9NT, Harvard Dataverse, V1, UNF:6:vfsJz4QXy3GeHdlDucXETA== [fileUNF]. The replication files, as posted on Harvard Dataverse, however, included set-up code (setting the directory, loading files, etc.) in Stata, and the analysis (Bayesian) was done in R. I attempted to translate the State code and completed it, but ran into issues while running one of the R codes. Though I will not be using the Winzen paper for this class as, at the technical level, it seems to be too much of a challenge to be able to do justice to the methods, I do intend to understand what went wrong with the code and replicate the findings on my own time. 